Heavenly King Zhengxiang Zuo Brother
Brother Yuan Zuo, although you don’t see us, we, we
We, we, we, we, we, we, we
We, we, we
We, we, we, we, we
We, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we
Yeah, we, we, we, we, we, we
We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We
This will save you a breath and not let you die
Although he is so solemn and solemn, his current position as Shang Jiangjun is terrifying.
Insufficient ability to focus on beauty
Some have big hearts
I can’t let go of you on the Lixi battlefield where you insist on speaking the truth
Uncle is also ashamed that there are not many people around him
He was even more deliberately betrayed
Even killed by a military woman
Waiting for digestion
When you sat down before you were wolf wolf
Sit and be blessed
Because there is nowhere to say
I have no destiny for a long time
Will be honest
One more time
Molang State Affairs
Get it out of Zhou Yuan's hands
After snatching back Zongshang’s Nian Jiaoyu, I have
He was killed by Zhou Yuan with his experience in sex games.
The tiger runs for more
In person the cave Sigong
arise next to
from before me
Busy with his head
I rested my head on Zhou Yuan’s head fish constellation
He even gave birth to me without a fish face
It's because Momo doesn't let her laugh
Prince, kill you
Sit, sit, it’s not pleasant to sit down
Although those brothers and sisters
Not inferior to my wife
And because I am doing it for the people’s power
I will cut off your wolf heart without mercy
A capable person
Sorry, my beloved tiger disaster body was in the Yin team back then.
But only this
To ensure that you are safe
My original fate in walking was not
dissatisfaction and effectiveness
Qing Qing Wan
Directly and smoothly to the brain
Until now, I will clear the truth about the original song for you
Abaiyu takes it
Prince, now that you are awake
Little boy, I’m going to Beijing late
The front view of the villain who cut off Zhou Yan
Yu Gong died
I want you to grow up.